README.md, before:

<img src="https://codeinstitute.s3.amazonaws.com/fullstack/ci_logo_small.png" style="margin: 0;">

Welcome Andreea,

This is the Code Institute student template for Gitpod. We have preinstalled all of the tools you need to get started. You can safely delete this README.md file, or change it for your own project.

## Gitpod Reminders

To run a frontend (HTML, CSS, Javascript only) application in Gitpod, in the terminal, type:

`python3 -m http.server`

A blue button should appear to click: *Make Public*,

Another blue button should appear to click: *Open Browser*.

To run a backend Python file, type `python3 app.py`, if your Python file is named `app.py` of course.

A blue button should appear to click: *Make Public*,

Another blue button should appear to click: *Open Browser*.

In Gitpod you have superuser security privileges by default. Therefore you do not need to use the `sudo` (superuser do) command in the bash terminal in any of the backend lessons.

## Updates Since The Instructional Video

We continually tweak and adjust this template to help give you the best experience. Here are the updates since the original video was made:

**September 22 2020:** Gitpod occasionally creates large `core.Microsoft` files. These are now hidden in the Explorer. A `.gitignore` file has been created to make sure these files will not be committed along with other common files.

**April 16 2020:** The template now automatically installs MySQL instead of relying on the Gitpod MySQL image. The message about a Python linter not being installed has been dealt with, and the set-up files are now hidden in the Gitpod file explorer.

**April 13 2020:** Added the _Prettier_ code beautifier extension instead of the code formatter built-in to Gitpod.

**February 2020:** The initialisation files now _do not_ auto-delete. They will remain in your project. You can safely ignore them. They just make sure that your workspace is configured correctly each time you open it. It will also prevent the Gitpod configuration popup from appearing.

**December 2019:** Added Eventyret's Bootstrap 4 extension. Type `!bscdn` in a HTML file to add the Bootstrap boilerplate. Check out the <a href="https://github.com/Eventyret/vscode-bcdn" target="_blank">README.md file at the official repo</a> for more options.

--------

Happy coding!

Commit message:

Goals added to readme.md

README.md, after:

**The Kettle** e-commerce site is built for a fictional coffee and tea wholesale start-up that want to promote their business and sell their products online around the world. The products can be bought in bigger bathes at a lower cost than if you were to buy from a brick and mortar shop. The site is created to be intuitive and easy to navigate to make the user’s experience a pleasurable one, so they will come back to purchase again from the shop.

### Goals

#### Business goals:

- Promote their business online.
- Attract new customers and convert them to returning customers.
- Sell products at a lower price than the brick and mortar shops.
- Ship the products around the world to reach a wide audience, from individuals to big companies.



#### Target audience:

- Coffee and tea lovers who want to buy the products at a lower cost.
- Coffee and tea businesses who want to purchase their products for their business from an ecommerce who can deliver the products worldwide.



#### User goals:

- Navigate easily through the website and view products. 
- Buy coffee, tea and brewing products online.
- View the details of coffee and tea and where the ingredients are coming from.
- Purchase the products in an easy and seamless way.
